📝 Detail how to override the default upload media types (#1925)
tinacms/tina.io: content/docs/reference/media/repo-based.md

| PDF                                                        | `application/pdf`                                            | .pdf                           |
| Polygon File Format                                        | `model/ply`                                                  | .ply                           |
| PostScript                                                 | `application/postscript`                                     | .ps, .eps, etc.                |
| Text Files                                                 | `text/*`                                                     | .txt, .md, etc.                |
| U3D Mesh                                                   | `model/u3d+mesh`                                             | .u3d                           |
| USDZ Zip                                                   | `model/vnd.usdz+zip`                                         | .usdz                          |
| Videos                                                     | `video/*`                                                    | .mp4, .avi, .mkv, etc.         |

> If you would like to specify your own allowed file types, add the following below the  **`tina`** property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to specify your own allowed file types, add the following to the  **`media`** property
```
Doesn't necessarily need to be below (or above) the tina property
